( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
=Lady Liberty=
=Episode 34=
Bill, please,
and help pack these up, too.
Sorry,
I'm so late.
Then, heat these up again
and bring another pot of tea.
Okay.
I saw your call earlier.
A client suddenly came looking for me,
and he just kept talking,
so I couldn't answer your call.
It's okay.
How's my mom?
Did she come back?
She told me to handle the house.
So she is not coming back?
Probably not.
She's planning to use the money
from selling the house
to buy a place in Guizhou.
Then, did she
ask you to tell me anything?
No.
Although she said
not to let you know
where she's staying now,
if you really want the address,
I can still give it to you.
No need.
She has my number.
If anything really happens,
she'll call me.
You're not planning to see her?
Maybe after some time.
You and
Lawyer Bei...
We broke up.
Originally, I thought
I might still have a chance
to ask you to accept me again.
After all, my situation now
is different from before.
But...
But you have a girlfriend now, right?
Yes.
She was the one meeting
a client just now,
so I drove her to Songjiang.
Traffic was bad on the way back,
and I was rushing a bit,
so I grabbed the wrong cup.
What does she do?
She's in business.
An entrepreneur.
At a pretty well-known company.
She...
She's 11 years older
than I am.
Well,
she must be able to help you a lot.
She helped arrange everything for me,
including work, housing,
and even the car.
Back when Lawyer Bei got divorced,
I already thought
you two would end up
together no matter what.
If I'd known things
would turn out like this,
I probably wouldn't
have gotten together with her.
My breakup with Lawyer Bei
had nothing to do with you.
And just because we broke up
doesn't mean I was going to be with you.
I know.
But what I mean is,
I wouldn't have given up
chasing after you.
I can't give you that much help.
I know.
It's too late to say any of this now.
And I can't exactly
accept someone's help
and then turn around and betray them.
That would be way too much
like Lawyer Bei.
Besides, whether I'm sincere or not,
she can tell, right?
I wish you
happiness.
Once my parents' situation is settled,
we probably shouldn't
see each other anymore.
Your girlfriend's company
is doing so well.
I'm sure her background checks
are thorough too.
Your former law firm knows
about what happened between us too.
So,
she probably knows as well.
Alright, then.
I'll get going first.
No need to walk me out.
A sudden client meeting
and grabbing the wrong coffee cup...
That was probably her way
of warning you already.
Bye-bye.
(Catherine)
Hello?
Ling Yikai.
Ms. Zhao.
Hello.
I don't think we've met before, have we?
May I ask who you are?
- I...
- Let me introduce you.
This is our new PR hire.
The daughter of Yuan from finance.
Yuan's daughter?
You're all grown up now.
And very pretty too.
Are you heading out together?
Yeah. We're going to Dingqi Platform.
I'm planning to introduce Xiaoxue
to the contact person
at Dingqi Platform.
Xiaoxue, wait for us a moment then.
Ling Yikai, walk me upstairs.
My shoes are a little slippery today.
I'd better be careful.
Xiaoxue, wait for me in the car.
I'll be quick.
When did you hire a PR person?
How come I didn't know?
She just started yesterday.
You should stop
running around so much lately
and stay home to focus on the baby.
Don't mess around where you work.
Yuan handles the company's finances.
Don't turn the company
into some kind of mess.
I know. You don't need to lecture me.
So, why won't you let this Xiaoxue go?
Go where?
We're just superior and subordinate.
Just coworkers.
Do you think I'm stupid?
She's exactly your type.
Yeah. She's obedient and considerate.
With someone that promising,
it'd be a waste not to mentor her.
Besides, Yuan will thank me for it.
Ling Yikai,
what are you even saying?
What are you trying to pull now?
You grew up
without your parents around.
You wouldn't want your two children
to grow up without
a proper family too, right?
Zhao Lanxin,
I'll behave myself and know my place.
You're pregnant now.
I'll take good care of you.
Once the babies are born,
I'll take good care of all of you.
It's true.
Family, children, Grandma...
You've found the perfect way
to control me.
But you can't stop me
from admiring and appreciating
girls who are better than you
and kinder than you.
But don't worry.
I won't cross the line.
You won't find a single fault in me.
I'll walk you out.
(Lingqi Reading Platform.
Massive story collection, constantly updated)
Read the world)
(Lingqi)
(Download Lingqi AI Novel
Reading Platform Now)
What's this?
You saw it on your way in too, right?
Isn't this ridiculous?
Advertisements for our competitor
showing up in our own elevator lobby?
Go ask property management
what the heck they're thinking.
Tell them to take all of it down.
And tell them
that on our turf,
this kind of thing isn't allowed.
Whose computer is this?
(Dingqi Reading Platform.
Lingqi Reading)
Mr. Fan,
it's mine.
When did you download
the Lingqi Reading app?
Just a few days ago. A few days ago.
Why did you download it?
To know the enemy and know ourselves.
Makes work easier.
Oh, come on.
"Know the enemy
and know ourselves," huh?
Did all of you
download it too?
Did you?
I downloaded it too.
Come on, let's talk.
Tell me how it feels after using it.
Mainly because it's free.
So, the barrier
to trying it is very low.
That kind of user base is the biggest.
Advertisers are more willing to invest.
There are more users, after all.
The quality of the works
is a bit weaker,
but they're still readable.
For some readers,
reading anywhere is still reading.
Very few works are irreplaceable.
I took a look.
Right now, the content
they're making money from
is basically very straightforward
at first glance.
Melodrama, heightened emotions.
That Lingqi platform of yours...
With such a huge investment,
where did you get the money?
Overseas capital.
How much?
Unlimited. Depends on demand.
What is the demand?
To quickly swallow up
the Mainland China market.
That's not something
money alone can achieve.
True.
Besides money, there's also technology.
Before entering the market,
we'd already conducted
comprehensive big data analysis
on the Mainland China market,
along with a complete
marketing strategy.
Also, our strategic partners
had already been established
months ago.
Trying...
to do everything all at once?
You will choke.
For a quick victory,
without giving competitors
much time to prepare, right?
And your competitor
would be Dingqi, right?
Or perhaps,
a future partner.
Fan, when are you planning to retire?
You...
You're still building
businesses yourself.
How could I think about retirement?
If you can sell Dingqi for a good price,
then for everyone involved,
that will already be the best outcome.
You're trying to take over
Dingqi in one shot,
just like how Dingqi once
took over Zhao Lanxin's
Colorful Culture Media?
Colorful Culture Media
got to keep its brand name,
but Dingqi Reading Platform can't stay.
Everything has to be folded into Lingqi.
The only difference
is the way you exit.
Fan,
I don't want you leaving in disgrace.
That's why I came to see you first.
Dingqi's operating model
is already outdated.
Outdated
means being eliminated.
So your
advanced business model
is just money
plus AI?
Yes.
You have people,
but people
can be bought with money.
This was written by AI.
Go ahead and take a look.
I've already sent copies
to He Han, Gu Yan,
and your other top authors too.
I'm leaving.
See yourself out.
(AI and Novel Writing)
(Lecturer: He Han)
This is the last topic
I want to discuss with everyone today.
It's not in the slides,
but recently, I've realized
this seems to be something
we can no longer avoid,
something we have no choice but to face.
Take a look at these three quotes first.
(Some writing
may look impressive at first glance...)
(AI can probably write decent novels
but not stories with a true voice...)
(Writing is enjoyable...)
We all have a choice,
whether you want to become a writer
or just someone operating a tool.
As far as I know,
Lingqi has already
recruited many new authors
for AI writing training.
Have any of you
already signed with them?
Good. That's fine.
But have you considered
what impact this will have on you
and what consequences it might bring?
Lingqi Platform also reached out
to me with an offer.
You want to give it a try?
I haven't decided yet.
But honestly,
it's really tempting.
And it's not about the money,
even though they are paying a lot.
I just feel that with new technology,
being able to experience it
and master it early
means a lot to me.
Well,
I think as long
as you keep writing seriously,
three to five years from now,
you could become a really good author.
And maybe I'm a bit old-fashioned,
but I believe AI can assist writing,
not replace it.
Because writing itself
is slow and painstaking work.
Only by writing over and over yourself
do you even stand a chance
of improving little by little.
But if you let AI write for you,
and the feedback turns out great,
then there will be no turning back.
It's the same logic
as hiring a ghostwriter.
But after writing
for three or five years,
there's still no guarantee
I'll become a good writer.
Whereas AI-generated writing
is going to advance rapidly
in the next few years.
And writers using AI right now
have already gotten a head start.
Most likely.
Isn't that exactly
the dilemma we're facing now?
There's no safety net.
It just depends
on which side you're betting on.
If it were you,
which side would you bet on?
I'm not you, so how would I know?
Besides,
it's a good thing I stepped away early
and avoided the impact of AI.
See?
Getting old has its advantages too.
Tell me,
what choice do you think Ms. Lin
would want me to make?
Obviously, she'd want
you to write your own work.
Of course, you should write it yourself.
AI can be your assistant,
but your own writing ability
still needs daily practice.
It's like
ordering takeout versus home cooking.
Takeout gives you more variety,
but it doesn't have the warmth
of a home-cooked meal.
If you're opening a restaurant,
it's best
if you know how to cook yourself.
You came back halfway through
the intensive course just to ask this?
Did you ask He Han?
What did he say?
He said it depends on personal choice,
and luckily, he never
had to face this situation.
So he really quit writing?
He livestreams and teaches classes now.
That still earns him some money.
Plus, he still gets a portion
of royalties
and traffic revenue from his old novels.
So, supporting himself
basically isn't a problem.
Ms. Lin, Mei,
you don't have to move out right now.
Especially since
you're going abroad later.
You really shouldn't
bother finding a new place.
I just want to live somewhere
closer to my mom's hospital.
What about you, Mei?
I'm moving back to my own place soon.
It feels like I'm being
left here alone again.
Why would you think that?
When I was little,
I was always left home alone.
So, when I stayed in dorms at school,
I felt like
it was so nice having roommates
around all the time.
Later, when I lived with you guys,
I was really happy too.
Before going to bed and after waking up,
I was never alone.
If that's really how you feel,
maybe you really aren't suited
to writing novels alone.
Because it's one
of the loneliest jobs there is.
Would having AI around
make it any better?
That would only make it lonelier.
Just my opinion.
Living alone
is something every one
of us has to face.
Well said.
Cheers.
Hello, ma'am. Your things have already
been brought up.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Hello, Dai Shan.
Sorry, I'm in the middle
of moving today,
and later I still have to visit my mom
at the hospital.
I probably won't be able
to make it over today.
I'm at the Pingyue Hotel.
So you picked up the habit from He Han,
living in hotels instead of at home.
I sold the apartment,
so staying at a hotel
is just temporary while I transition.
Sorry about that.
You're already such a big boss now,
and I still had you come all this way.
Liu Bei visited Zhuge Liang three times
before winning him over.
What I've done
is nothing compared to that.
I heard recently, you've
been working on theme extraction,
content analysis,
and even
rhythm and pacing control.
Your AI software
is already capable to a large extent
of replacing human editors.
That's right.
I don't need human editors,
but I do need human authors.
There are plenty of companies in China
working on AI-generated writing.
But I'm the only one
who is capable of pairing
top-tier authors with AI to create
something truly powerful.
I've worked in the online
fiction industry for so many years.
Of course, I know that AI writing alone,
combined with inexperienced newcomers,
can't produce top-tier work.
I've already quit.
So, on my end,
I don't have the kind
of authors you're looking for.
And to be blunt,
I don't have any authors left at all.
So, I'm afraid
this trip of yours was wasted.
You're the top-tier author yourself,
Phantom Knight.
Drop the act, Phantom Knight.
Who told you that?
When Gu Yan was continuing
Parting with Yan Dan at Yishui,
to outsiders,
it looked like
the perfect opportunity.
Normally,
an editor or an agent
would first read the original text.
But you didn't.
You directly decided
to reject it on Gu Yan's behalf.
There's only one reason for that.
You've already
read the original text yourself.
So, it means you and Phantom Knight
are connected somehow.
Honestly, companies in this industry
all want Phantom Knight to come back.
No matter what, it's still huge news.
Look at Fan.
He took an unfinished work
by Phantom Knight
and tied it to Gu Yan.
And even now,
the buzz still hasn't died down.
Of course,
I think
this work by Phantom Knight
was weaker
than her earlier standards.
That may also be
why she never wrote the second half.
But we're a new company.
So, we still want Phantom Knight
to come back.
That's why I went to America
to find your former editor, Ma.
So Ma told you
I'm Phantom Knight?
Of course, he didn't tell me directly.
But before I went,
I'd already assumed
you were Phantom Knight.
Ma's getting older. He couldn't
hide his reaction fast enough.
The moment I saw his expression,
I knew I was right.
I'd already heard Mr. Fan
and He Han say before
that you're a smart woman.
Turns out you're far smarter
than I thought.
I'm here to invite you back.
If you join our company
as Phantom Knight,
you'll become a shareholder.
In the future,
there will only be Lingqi Platform
in China, not Dingqi Platform,
let alone companies
even smaller than Dingqi.
Right now, Lingqi
is only in its expansion phase,
so it needs you now.
Once it's fully established,
if you want to work with us later,
the terms probably
won't be this good anymore.
First of all,
I'm not Phantom Knight.
Second,
my future plans
probably won't be in China.
You're going abroad?
Alone?
Yes.
Does He Han know about your plans?
Alright.
Think it over again anyway.
I'll contact you again.
Honestly, I hope
you, as Phantom Knight,
and He Han will both sign
with our company.
Even though you two
didn't get back together,
if you're separated
by too much distance,
you'll still find it hard to let go.
If I'm not mistaken,
He Han probably also
turned down your offer.
And as for Gu Yan,
I'll make him repay
the unhappiness he brought you tenfold.
I believe Gu Yan
isn't exactly happy these days either.
You've also worked
with top-ranking authors before.
You surely know how much of the time
feels exciting,
how much of it
feels anxious,
and how much of it
feels empty and boring.
You understand all of that.
But winning
always feels good.
No matter how long that feeling lasts.
Don't you agree?
Lin Zhanqiao,
it's been a long time since you won.
The same goes for He Han.
I'm leaving.
Oh, right, you still remember
Hong Qigong, don't you?
She's already signed with our company.
And your capable assistant, Mantou, too.
He didn't go to Fan,
and he didn't work
with Zhao Lanxin either.
I signed him.
He's at the company
learning the software system.
(Tracing Back)
(I Sell Pancakes in a Paranormal World)
Lanxin,
you...
I already have
three authors here
who've been signed away by Dai Shan.
Please keep an eye on Gu Yan, okay?
I'm with him right now.
Dai Shan did approach Gu Yan,
but Gu Yan turned her down.
Good.
It's rare to hear Mr. Fan this anxious.
Dai Shan is going to
sign a lot of authors immediately.
But she won't have the energy
to handle that many authors all at once.
So, if you go over there,
you'll be facing all the chaos
of a startup company.
I don't have to go.
Our partnership
has been working pretty well,
right?
Of course.
And I'll also do my best
to put your feelings first.
I have one condition.
Let's hear it.
I want to be your boss.
What do you mean?
You're the one who needs me more now.
You're an author signed under me.
We have an agreement between us.
I don't know the exact details
of how you'd make it happen,
but I only know what I want.
I want to be your boss.
You work for me.
Do you even hear yourself?
That's impossible.
I'll tell Mr. Fan
the condition too.
Impossible.
Even he couldn't make that happen.
I advise you not to get ideas like that.
We can discuss other ways
of working together.
Other ways?
I could discuss that with Dai Shan too.
Wang Hai,
only I get to threaten people.
Nobody threatens me.
If you keep pushing your luck,
I'll show you
what it means to rise and fall together.
If I win,
I can win alone.
But if I lose, I will drag
someone down with me.
And what exactly
do you think you have on me?
(Zhao Lanxin)
Hello?
Gu Yan?
What happened?
Mr. Fan, I called the wrong number.
Thanks.
The sweet and sour pork
looks pretty good.
Yeah.
Let me try one.
It's Ms. Zhao.
Ms. Zhao.
What are you talking about?
You seem really into it.
We're preparing to
deal with the changes
Lingqi Platform
may bring to future marketing.
The main thing
is still reader targeting.
You drove Xiaoxue home last night?
She worked overtime
for the company until after 10 PM.
It wasn't safe for her to go home alone.
So, I had to drive her.
Besides, you installed
surveillance cameras in the car.
You saw everything yourself.
Yesterday afternoon,
you bought afternoon tea
for Xiaoxue and the others on her team.
The whole company got some. You did too.
It just so happened that you sent
the one Xiaoxue likes most.
I asked everyone
what they wanted to drink,
and Xiaoxue made a suggestion.
So I bought it.
If you think it was inappropriate,
I won't do it again.
Lingqi Platform is gaining momentum
so quickly right now.
People in the company
are feeling unstable emotionally.
I need to reassure them somehow.
There's nothing wrong with that.
She's a good employee.
Don't make me lose her
because of you.
It won't happen.
Yuan asked me to look after her.
The industry's in bad shape right now.
If we want to keep our investors steady,
we'll mostly have to rely on Yuan.
At a time like this,
would firing her for no reason
be appropriate?
You said it yourself,
the industry's struggling now.
What if I introduced Xiaoxue
to a better opportunity?
Do you think Yuan
would be thanking me instead?
Fair point.
But honestly,
in this company,
the women I find
cute, smart, and kind
aren't just limited to her.
People always need
some kind of emotional outlet.
If I can't get
emotional fulfillment in one place,
I'll look for it somewhere else.
As for who that person is,
that part doesn't matter.
Mr. Ling, Ms. Zhao,
we've finished eating.
We'll head back to the office first.
Please enjoy your meal.
We'll get going now.
Bye-bye.
Xiaoxue,
I think the ideas
you mentioned are good.
But if we're putting them
into the proposal,
they still need some refinement.
Let's aim to make it
as strong as possible.
Okay?
Alright.
Bye-bye.
What happened?
Who hit you?
Come here.
Let's talk inside.
How did you find out?
Zhao Lanxin told me.
Who hit you?
Er Jiu.
Er Jiu?
Why?
He lost money gambling.
He came to the internet cafe
looking for money from me.
I refused to give him any, so he hit me.
It wasn't the first time.
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
Zhao Lanxin said telling you
would only create more trouble.
She said she'd handle
our problems herself.
Where's Er Jiu now?
I don't know.
He has a concussion.
His head was split open.
Zhao Lanxin took him away.
A concussion? Why?
I hit him.
You hit him?
He hit me first.
He was choking me so hard
I could barely breathe.
Only then did I fight back.
I smashed him with an ashtray.
I'm going to find Zhao Lanxin.
Where's Er Jiu?
He's inside.
I hired a caregiver,
and they will come every day
to take care of him
and help with his recovery.
How long until he recovers?
Two or three weeks, probably.
A scalp laceration
and a mild concussion.
The doctor said
it looked scary,
but actually San Mei's injuries
were more serious.
Did you call the police at the time?
Yes.
The police gave Er Jiu
a disciplinary lecture
and a warning notice.
I've already hired a lawyer.
San Mei acted in self-defense.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Didn't San Mei already say it?
She was afraid of causing you trouble.
The first time he became violent,
I should've made San Mei
divorce this animal.
But have you ever thought about this?
Weren't the two of them
actually very close before?
Why did things
become like this after marriage?
If Er Jiu were really
some violent monster,
then how did you
spend over ten years with him
without ever realizing
he could hurt someone close to him?
Why?
Because the person San Mei
loves isn't him. It's you.
Now that I've told you,
what are you planning to do?
Because of you,
Er Jiu and San Mei
have both suffered so much.
If they get divorced
and San Mei ends up alone again,
shouldn't you
take responsibility for her?
So,
the thing you think can threaten me
is San Mei and Er Jiu?
Isn't it?
They're the people you care about most,
and also the two people
you believe you've hurt the most.
You haven't eaten yet, right?
I haven't eaten all day.
That's all you brought?
I already sent
everything else back home.
My dad's leaving this weekend.
I won't be staying here much longer.
How will you
move all this by yourself?
Zhang Yousen happened to come see me,
so I asked him to help.
Hasn't he already decided
to stay with
that entrepreneur girlfriend of his?
And he came here,
still unable to let you go?
That entrepreneur girlfriend of his
actually offered him a huge opportunity.
Catherine said she could help me become
the head of the new
Hong Kong, China branch.
Handling all of that alone
would be a lot of pressure,
but the prospects are good.
So you're going to Hong Kong, China?
I'm going with her.
But I already broke up with her.
I told her every time I saw you again,
it still felt exactly like before.
So I wanted to ask you,
is there even the slightest chance
you'd want me to stay?
An opportunity like this
is something you might not reach
even after working 10 or 15 years.
So I can't ask you to stay for me.
What are you thinking about?
He Han.
I'm not like him.
I never loved Zhang Yousen that deeply,
so I can let him go.
But He Han loves you.
Even an idiot can see it.
You and he
are like a pair of hedgehogs.
When you get too close,
even if you don't mean to,
you still end up hurting each other.
But maybe that's not such a bad thing.
I think
after everything we've been through,
the future version of me
will become better.
Because I've matured.
You've matured,
but he hasn't.
Children who never
received proper love growing up
often don't know
how to express their feelings as adults
because they never
had anyone to learn from.
So they simply stop loving altogether.
That way, they can protect themselves
and protect other people too.
What scares them most is loving someone,
because they'll inevitably ruin it.
I think my dad
might be that kind of person too.
This afternoon,
I was planning to go over
and spend some time with her.
But my dad insisted on sending me back.
Because he believes
a person
should try their best
not to become a burden to others.
So in his mind,
when it comes to taking care of my mom,
having him there alone
is already enough.
So when it comes to being parents
and raising children,
your mom and my dad
are complete opposites.
Sometimes I wonder,
in this world,
is there even such a thing as
a textbook-perfect and happy family?
Probably not.
We need to discuss something with you.
The patient's
current condition isn't very good.
Please take a look at this notice.
If you've made your decision
and choose to stop her treatment,
you only need to sign the last page.
(I voluntarily accept the risks caused
by refusing or giving up treatment.)
(Signature of authorized family member)
(Patient-authorized family member's
signature: Lin Xiangdong, Relationship: Husband)
(I've been thinking.)
(Everyone's most comfortable level of intimacy)
(is probably different.)
♪If the sky♪
♪And the sea♪
♪Turned upside down♪
♪If a swimming fish♪
♪Fell in love with a flying bird♪
♪If back then♪
♪We had never let go♪
♪We wouldn't be lost in the crowd♪
♪We met in a thirteenth month♪
♪Held each other in a fifth season♪
♪And found our way back whole♪
♪So let this surging love♪
♪Rise like tides that never fall♪
♪If we're caught in a pouring rain♪
♪That's alright♪
♪If we're buried♪
♪By passing years all the better♪
♪At least we still can keep♪
♪This one eternal photograph♪
♪We're on misaligned tracks♪
♪Running in opposite ways♪
♪Searching all along the way♪
♪For the fire of our younger hearts♪
♪And the beauty lost in time♪
♪This time don't lose each other again♪
♪Only after loss♪
♪Do we learn what truly matters most♪
♪In another time and space♪
♪We'll stay and walk together♪
♪Till we grow old♪
♪But still the sky will never♪
♪Turn with the sea♪
♪But still a swimming fish won't♪
♪Fall in love with a flying bird♪